{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana-Bold;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f5\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red19\green149\blue225;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\cname textColor;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c100000;
\cssrgb\c784\c65490\c90588;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 From: Hosting Ireland <info@hostingireland.ie>\
Subject: Linux Hosting Account Details for tcsp.ie\
Date: 15 June 2022 at 10:45:04 IST\
To: Morgan McKnight <morgan.mcknight@gmail.com>\
Reply-To: Hosting Ireland <info@hostingireland.ie>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Dear Morgan McKnight,\uc0\u8232 \u8232 PLEASE READ THIS EMAIL IN FULL AND PRINT IT FOR YOUR RECORDS\u8232 \u8232 Thank you for your order. Your hosting account has now been setup and this email contains all the information you will need in order to begin using your account.\u8232 \u8232 If you have requested a domain name during sign up, please keep in mind that your domain name will not be visible on the internet instantly. This process is called propagation and can take up to 48 hours. Until your domain has propagated, your website and email will not function, although if access to your hosting is urgent, you can contact us for a substitute URL to be set up for you.\u8232 \u8232 
\f3\b New Account Information
\f2\b0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Hosting Package: Enterprise - E1\u8232 Domain: tcsp.ie\u8232 First Payment Amount: \'8045.95\u8232 Recurring Amount: \'80489.95\u8232 Billing Cycle: Annually\u8232 Next Due Date: 10/05/2023\
For ftp and control panel access\uc0\u8232 Username: t567715\u8232 Password: 0bjs8Pz55Q\u8232 \u8232 Ftp server: ftp.tcsp.ie or initially osmium.webhostingireland.ie\u8232 \u8232 Control Panel URL: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tcsp.ie/cpanel"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://tcsp.ie/cpanel}}\uc0\u8232 Or initially: https://osmium.webhostingireland.ie:2083\
\uc0\u8232 
\f3\b Server Information
\f2\b0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Server Name: osmium\u8232 Server IP: 91.210.235.113\
To login directly using Windows Explorer enter in the address bar:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "ftp://t567715:0bjs8Pz55Q@osmium.webhostingireland.ie/www"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \uc0\u8232 \ul ftp://t567715:0bjs8Pz55Q@osmium.webhostingireland.ie/www}}\
If you are using an existing domain with your new hosting account, you will need to update the nameservers to point to the nameservers listed below.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Nameserver 1: ns1.webhostingireland.ie \u8232 Nameserver 2: ns2.webhostingireland.ie \u8232 Nameserver 3: ns3.webhostingireland.ie \u8232 Nameserver 4: ns4.webhostingireland.eu \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 
\f3\b Email Settings\uc0\u8232 
\f2\b0 \uc0\u8232 You can setup any email accounts you require from the control panel. Non specified addresses will bounce by default.\u8232 \u8232 pop3 incoming mail server: mail.tcsp.ie\u8232 smtp outgoing mail server: mail.tcsp.ie\u8232 Username: The email address you are checking email for\u8232 Password: As specified in your control panel\
Select 'my outgoing mail server requires authentication' or use your ISP's outgoing mail server (e.g. mail1.eircom.net for Eircom)\
Web-mail server: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tcsp.ie/webmail"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://tcsp.ie/webmail}}\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Tutorials for Control Panel and Email Clients are available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.hostingireland.ie/tutorials.php"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://www.hostingireland.ie/tutorials.php}}\
By using these details you are agreeing to terms and conditions at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.hostingireland.ie/acceptable_use.php"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://www.hostingireland.ie/acceptable_use.php}}\
Thank you for choosing us.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 If you have any questions or require further information please contact our team using the details below.\u8232 \u8232 Regards\u8232 \u8232 Hosting Ireland Team\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.hostingireland.ie/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \uc0\u8232  \uc0\u8232 }}\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 
\f4\b\fs28 \cf5 \strokec5 \uc0\u8232 Email: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:support@hostingireland.ie"}}{\fldrslt \ul support@hostingireland.ie}}\uc0\u8232 
\f2\b0\fs22 \cf3 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 
\f4\b\fs28 \cf5 \strokec5 \uc0\u8232 Tel: 01 902 0020 - Fax: 01 902 0025\u8232 
\f2\b0\fs22 \cf3 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 
\f5 \cf5 \strokec5 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 Hosting Ireland is the trading name of Protocol Internet Technology Limited. Deltona House, Six Cross Roads Business Park,\u8232 Waterford, Republic of Ireland. This message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual\u8232 named. If you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail. Please notify the\u8232 sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system.\u8232 E-mail transmissions cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted,\u8232 lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any\u8232 errors or omissions in the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-mail transmission. If verification is\u8232 required please request a hard-copy version. For information about how we process personal data please see our {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.hostingireland.ie/privacy-policy.php"}}{\fldrslt \ul Privacy Policy}}.\uc0\u8232 
\f2 \cf3 \strokec3 \
}